it's a familiar chant heard in London
for months but now aimed at a new
government those marching here want
Britain's incoming prime minister to
know they want him to do more to help
end the war in Gaza so what we want to
see from Kama is pretty much the
opposite of what he put in his
Manifesto we want him to call and demand
an immediate ceasefire we want him to
stand up to Israel we want him to Halt
all arm sales to Israel
immediately but among the crowd there's
skepticism I have very little hope we've
got an international human rights lawyer
who has actively tried to prevent a
ceasefire vo in in government which I
find horrific I don't really feel much
hope that there's going to be much
progress um but you know being here
today that's what fills me with hope and
um
[Music]
yeah and for some here Labor's Ascent to
power makes little difference well many
attending here today say that they have
always traditionally backed labor but
they are unhappy with the new prime
minister sakir st's stance on Gaza
because they say that his party's
approach isn't all that different to the
previous conservative government's
approach and they also have a problem
with the fact that while labor committed
to recognizing the Palestinian State
they have not said when they would do
that and that approach has cost labor
four seats in some of its traditional
heartlands with even a shadow cabinet
minister removed by an independent
candidate supporting Palestine though
Gaza was not all these challenges
campaigned on I ran on a combination of
foreign policy peace and Justice um no
to genocide no to arm sales to Israel
and also the uh deprivation in our
community and trying to get investment
um and opportunities for our children
makes
the new British government will have its
work cut out on the economy and the High
Cost of Living but people marching here
want to make sure that with other
pressing issues the war in Gaza is not
forgotten millena vinovich Al jaer
London make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer